### THe Lox Language
#### Hello Lox
- Its a member of the C Language family since that is what we will be most familiar with.
#### Dynamic Typing
- Lox is dynamically typed meaning a variable in Lox can store values of different types and the same variable can sometimes even store different types across different times.
- A statically typed language has more implementation details you need to implement.
#### Automatic Memory Management
- Don't have to manually manage the allocation and freeing of storage.
- Two methods to managing memory:
  - 1. Reference Counting
  - 2. Tracing Garbage Collection (also just called Garbage Collection)
- Ref counters are much simpler to implement. But the limitations of Ref Counters become too troublesome.
- Tracing Garbage collection has a fearsome reputation. It is a little nerve wracking working at the level of raw memory.
  - Debugging a GC can sometimes leave you seeing hex dumps in your dreams. This should be fun!! The algorithm is quite simple and fun to implement.
#### Data Types
- The atoms of Lox's universe are built-in data types:
  - Booleans, Numbers, Strings, Nil
  - There are good arguments for not having a null value in a language since null pointer exceptions are the scourage of our industry. If we were doing a statically typed language it would be worth trying to ban it but in a dynamically typed language eliminating the null value is more annoying than having it.
#### Expressions
- Expressions are the molecules. Built-in types and their literals are the atoms
- *Arthmetic*
- *COmparison and equality*